
Bamazon is a premier shopping experience that allows users to view and purchase items through interactions with a Terminal storefront. It offers a wide range of unusual, yet useful, products aimed at solving everyday problems.

The application begins when the user enters "node bamazonCustomer.js" into the command line. They are immediately shown a list of products available for purchase, as well as information about each item. (This includes: product id, product name, department, price and stock quantity.) The shopper is then presented with two questions. First, they are asked to input the item ID of the product they would like to purchase. Then, they are aksed how many units of that product they would like to buy. After the customer enters this information, Bamazon checks its inventory. If sufficient inventory is available, the customer's order can be filled. They are prompted to reveal their personal financial and identity-related data in a completely unsecured environment in order to complete the purchase. If inventory is insufficient, they are given an apology and sent back to the list of available items. After each purchase, the app adjusts its inventory accordingly.

Bamazon also offers tools for managers. By entering "node bamazonManager.js" products can be checked and inventory monitored. After starting the app, the manager is immediately offered a menu of four choices. If they choose "View Products for Sale" Bamazon will provide a list of all available products and pertinent information about each one. Selecting "View Low Inventory" returns a list of all the products that have less than 5 units currently in the inventory. The "Add to Inventory" option allows the manager to increase the inventory of products already in the system, while "Add New Product" lets them add brand new items into Bamazon's inventory.

This project was built with a number of tools and technologies, including Javascript, node.js, mysql, Inquirer, and JSON. In the future, it may be developed further, by adding to the unique inventory, designing a beautiful html storefront, and establishing a less reckless way to conduct financial transactions.